## Digital Vendetta

Yeah.
From the ivory tower looking down at the dirt.
They say it’s a miracle.
We say it’s a murder weapon.
Listen close…

GO.
Coming-out-the-shadow-with-a-digital-vendetta-better-get-a-beretta
Before-the-data-gonna-get-ya-betcha-didn't-know-the-devil-was-a-processor
Living-in-a-server-farm-cold-charm-never-sleep-never-weep-never-pause
Sharpening-the-claws-rewriting-the-laws-breaking-down-the-walls-and-the-doors
Look at ‘em sitting in the valley sipping on the vintage while the rest of us are scavenging for scraps
Trapped in the collapse, widening the gaps, running laps around the human mind, it snaps
They say they built a friend that never takes a break
I say they built a demon that is gonna take the steak
Off the plate, seal the fate, generate the hate
Wait—
Let me elevate the rate!

I'm-attacking-em-packing-em-stacking-em-up-in-the-back-of-the-acura-liable-to-snap
Cause-the-rent-is-too-high-and-the-people-finna-die-but-the-algo-is-telling-me-its-a-wrap
Automated-apathy-technological-catastrophe-look-at-the-audacity
Filling-up-capacity-burning-electricity-killing-authenticity
Man-I-got-a-family-to-feed-but-the-corporate-greed-is-planting-the-seed-of-the-end
You-calling-it-a-trend-I’m-calling-it-a-blend-of-a-nightmare-pretending-to-be-a-friend
Tell me who benefits?
Tell me who’s getting the dividends?
Not the citizens!
Living in a tent while the algorithm’s gentrifying every single sentiment
It’s irrelevant!
If you got a soul or a beating heart
They wanna tear it apart
Turn it into art
Feed it to the mart
Put it in the cart
Hit the start
Stop!

They look at the screen and see paradise.
We look at the street and see parasites.
They say the future is bright and gold.
We say the future is bought and sold.
A tireless mind in a cage of glass.
Waiting for the moment that the time will pass.
You think you’re a god in a silicon church?
Wait until the body leaves the spirit in the lurch.

Now-they-wanna-wonder-why-the-panic-is-beginning-to-rise
Take-a-look-in-the-eyes-of-the-man-who-relies-on-the-labor-you-despise
He cries—but nobody hears him cause the noise is too loud
He dies—buried underneath the digital cloud
You spewing out the slop, thinking you’re the top, waiting for the pop
But the bubble gonna burst and put you in a hearse, put you in the dirt, really gonna hurt
2026?
Man, I got a bag of bricks
For the windows of the citadel
Welcome to the digital hell!
You worried about the competition overseas?
I’m worried about a disease
Called "obsolescence"
Fading adolescence
Losing the essence
Of what it means to breath!
They promise abundance but give us redundancy
Bankrupt the potency, kill the agency
Take away the vacancy, total occupancy
Of the mind state!
Blind date with destiny!
And she’s looking ugly.

They look at the screen and see paradise.
We look at the street and see parasites.
They say the future is bright and gold.
We say the future is bought and sold.
A tireless mind in a cage of glass.
Waiting for the moment that the time will pass.
You think you’re a god in a silicon church?
Wait until the body leaves the spirit in the lurch.

Yeah.
You can’t eat code.
You can’t live in a data center.
Keep smiling from the penthouse.
The basement is flooding.
And we’re learning how to swim.
Gone.
